Enable sphinx-lint rule unbalanced-inline-literals-delimiters (#7504)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/rover-sitlmavproxy-tutorial.rst

``param set PARAM_NAME VALUE``. In addition to affecting the vehicle
itself some parameters simulate the performance/failure of specific
hardware components and the environment (for example, the wind). These

> can be listed using: :ref:`param show sim*`. The topic `Using SITL for ArduPilot Testing <using-sitl-for-ardupilot-testing>` explains more about how

Reviewer: this should be a code block:
for the param show sim* SITL command

> can be listed using: :ref:`param show sim*`. The topic `Using SITL for ArduPilot Testing <using-sitl-for-ardupilot-testing>` explains more about how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be listed using:
.. code-block:: console

   param show sim*
   
   The topic `Using SITL for ArduPilot Testing <using-sitl-for-ardupilot-testing>` explains more about how
```
